Documentation/cmdref/cilium-agent.md, before:

<!-- This file was autogenerated via cilium-agent --cmdref, do not edit manually-->

## cilium-agent

Run the cilium agent

### Synopsis


Run the cilium agent

```
cilium-agent
```

### Options

```
      --access-log string                           Path to access log of supported L7 requests observed
      --agent-labels stringSlice                    Additional labels to identify this agent
      --allow-localhost string                      Policy when to allow local stack to reach local endpoints { auto | always | policy }  (default "auto")
      --auto-ipv6-node-routes                       Automatically adds IPv6 L3 routes to reach other nodes for non-overlay mode (--device) (BETA)
      --bpf-compile-debug                           Enable debugging of the BPF compilation process
      --bpf-ct-global-any-max int                   Maximum number of entries in non-TCP CT table (default 262144)
      --bpf-ct-global-tcp-max int                   Maximum number of entries in TCP CT table (default 1000000)
      --bpf-root string                             Path to BPF filesystem
      --cgroup-root string                          Path to Cgroup2 filesystem
      --cluster-id int                              Unique identifier of the cluster
      --cluster-name string                         Name of the cluster (default "default")
      --clustermesh-config string                   Path to the ClusterMesh configuration directory
      --config string                               Configuration file (default "$HOME/ciliumd.yaml")
      --conntrack-garbage-collector-interval uint   Garbage collection interval for the connection tracking table (in seconds) (default 60)
      --container-runtime stringSlice               Sets the container runtime(s) used by Cilium { containerd | crio | docker | none | auto } ( "auto" uses the container runtime found in the order: "docker", "containerd", "crio" ) (default [auto])
      --container-runtime-endpoint map              Container runtime(s) endpoint(s). (default: --container-runtime-endpoint=containerd=/var/run/containerd/containerd.sock, --container-runtime-endpoint=crio=/var/run/crio.sock, --container-runtime-endpoint=docker=unix:///var/run/docker.sock) (default map[])
  -D, --debug                                       Enable debugging mode
      --debug-verbose stringSlice                   List of enabled verbose debug groups
  -d, --device string                               Device facing cluster/external network for direct L3 (non-overlay mode) (default "undefined")
      --disable-conntrack                           Disable connection tracking
      --disable-endpoint-crd                        Disable use of CiliumEndpoint CRD
      --disable-ipv4                                Disable IPv4 mode
      --disable-k8s-services                        Disable east-west K8s load balancing by cilium
  -e, --docker string                               Path to docker runtime socket (DEPRECATED: use container-runtime-endpoint instead) (default "unix:///var/run/docker.sock")
      --enable-policy string                        Enable policy enforcement (default "default")
      --enable-tracing                              Enable tracing while determining policy (debugging)
      --envoy-log string                            Path to a separate Envoy log file, if any
      --fixed-identity-mapping map                  Key-value for the fixed identity mapping which allows to use reserved label for fixed identities (default map[])
      --ipv4-cluster-cidr-mask-size int             Mask size for the cluster wide CIDR (default 8)
      --ipv4-node string                            IPv4 address of node (default "auto")
      --ipv4-range string                           Per-node IPv4 endpoint prefix, e.g. 10.16.0.0/16 (default "auto")
      --ipv4-service-range string                   Kubernetes IPv4 services CIDR if not inside cluster prefix (default "auto")
      --ipv6-cluster-alloc-cidr string              IPv6 /64 CIDR used to allocate per node endpoint /96 CIDR (default "f00d::/64")
      --ipv6-node string                            IPv6 address of node (default "auto")
      --ipv6-range string                           Per-node IPv6 endpoint prefix, must be /96, e.g. fd02:1:1::/96 (default "auto")
      --ipv6-service-range string                   Kubernetes IPv6 services CIDR if not inside cluster prefix (default "auto")
      --k8s-api-server string                       Kubernetes api address server (for https use --k8s-kubeconfig-path instead)
      --k8s-kubeconfig-path string                  Absolute path of the kubernetes kubeconfig file
      --k8s-require-ipv4-pod-cidr                   Require IPv4 PodCIDR to be specified in node resource
      --k8s-require-ipv6-pod-cidr                   Require IPv6 PodCIDR to be specified in node resource
      --keep-bpf-templates                          Do not restore BPF template files from binary
      --keep-config                                 When restoring state, keeps containers' configuration in place
      --kvstore string                              Key-value store type
      --kvstore-opt map                             Key-value store options (default map[])
      --label-prefix-file string                    Valid label prefixes file path
      --labels stringSlice                          List of label prefixes used to determine identity of an endpoint
      --lb string                                   Enables load balancer mode where load balancer bpf program is attached to the given interface
      --lib-dir string                              Directory path to store runtime build environment (default "/var/lib/cilium")
      --log-driver stringSlice                      Logging endpoints to use for example syslog, fluentd
      --log-opt map                                 Log driver options for cilium (default map[])
      --log-system-load                             Enable periodic logging of system load
      --logstash                                    Enable logstash integration
      --logstash-agent string                       Logstash agent address (default "127.0.0.1:8080")
      --logstash-probe-timer uint32                 Logstash probe timer (seconds) (default 10)
      --masquerade                                  Masquerade packets from endpoints leaving the host (default true)
      --monitor-aggregation string                  Level of monitor aggregation for traces from the datapath (default "None")
      --mtu int                                     Overwrite auto-detected MTU of underlying network (default 1500)
      --nat46-range string                          IPv6 prefix to map IPv4 addresses to (default "0:0:0:0:0:FFFF::/96")
      --pprof                                       Enable serving the pprof debugging API
      --prefilter-device string                     Device facing external network for XDP prefiltering (default "undefined")
      --prefilter-mode string                       Prefilter mode { native | generic } (default: native) (default "native")
      --prepend-iptables-chains                     Prepend custom iptables chains instead of appending (default true)
      --prometheus-serve-addr string                IP:Port on which to serve prometheus metrics (pass ":Port" to bind on all interfaces, "" is off)
      --restore                                     Restores state, if possible, from previous daemon (default true)
      --sidecar-istio-proxy-image string            Regular expression matching compatible Istio sidecar istio-proxy container image names (default "cilium/istio_proxy")
      --single-cluster-route                        Use a single cluster route instead of per node routes
      --socket-path string                          Sets daemon's socket path to listen for connections (default "/var/run/cilium/cilium.sock")
      --sockops-enable                              Enable sockops when kernel supported
      --state-dir string                            Directory path to store runtime state (default "/var/run/cilium")
      --tofqdns-min-ttl int                         The minimum time, in seconds, to use DNS data for toFQDNs policies. (default 3600)
      --trace-payloadlen int                        Length of payload to capture when tracing (default 128)
  -t, --tunnel string                               Tunnel mode {vxlan, geneve, disabled} (default "vxlan")
      --version                                     Print version information
```

Commit message:

add policy enforcement mode on top of an existing CNI plugin
This will allow Cilium to be deployed on top of existing CNI plugins
that provide networking.

For example in Flannel, a CNI plugin, it creates an L2 interface that
connects all veth's containers to it. With this CNI plugin, Cilium will
not create the cilium_host, the cilium_net nor the cilium_vxlan
interfaces as all of the networking is managed by flannel. What Cilium
will do instead is to attach a BPF program to the existing cni0
network interface.

Signed-off-by: André Martins <andre@cilium.io>

Documentation/cmdref/cilium-agent.md, after:

<!-- This file was autogenerated via cilium-agent --cmdref, do not edit manually-->

## cilium-agent

Run the cilium agent

### Synopsis


Run the cilium agent

```
cilium-agent
```

### Options

```
      --access-log string                           Path to access log of supported L7 requests observed
      --agent-labels stringSlice                    Additional labels to identify this agent
      --allow-localhost string                      Policy when to allow local stack to reach local endpoints { auto | always | policy }  (default "auto")
      --auto-ipv6-node-routes                       Automatically adds IPv6 L3 routes to reach other nodes for non-overlay mode (--device) (BETA)
      --bpf-compile-debug                           Enable debugging of the BPF compilation process
      --bpf-ct-global-any-max int                   Maximum number of entries in non-TCP CT table (default 262144)
      --bpf-ct-global-tcp-max int                   Maximum number of entries in TCP CT table (default 1000000)
      --bpf-root string                             Path to BPF filesystem
      --cgroup-root string                          Path to Cgroup2 filesystem
      --cluster-id int                              Unique identifier of the cluster
      --cluster-name string                         Name of the cluster (default "default")
      --clustermesh-config string                   Path to the ClusterMesh configuration directory
      --config string                               Configuration file (default "$HOME/ciliumd.yaml")
      --conntrack-garbage-collector-interval uint   Garbage collection interval for the connection tracking table (in seconds) (default 60)
      --container-runtime stringSlice               Sets the container runtime(s) used by Cilium { containerd | crio | docker | none | auto } ( "auto" uses the container runtime found in the order: "docker", "containerd", "crio" ) (default [auto])
      --container-runtime-endpoint map              Container runtime(s) endpoint(s). (default: --container-runtime-endpoint=containerd=/var/run/containerd/containerd.sock, --container-runtime-endpoint=crio=/var/run/crio.sock, --container-runtime-endpoint=docker=unix:///var/run/docker.sock) (default map[])
  -D, --debug                                       Enable debugging mode
      --debug-verbose stringSlice                   List of enabled verbose debug groups
  -d, --device string                               Device facing cluster/external network for direct L3 (non-overlay mode) (default "undefined")
      --disable-conntrack                           Disable connection tracking
      --disable-endpoint-crd                        Disable use of CiliumEndpoint CRD
      --disable-ipv4                                Disable IPv4 mode
      --disable-k8s-services                        Disable east-west K8s load balancing by cilium
  -e, --docker string                               Path to docker runtime socket (DEPRECATED: use container-runtime-endpoint instead) (default "unix:///var/run/docker.sock")
      --enable-policy string                        Enable policy enforcement (default "default")
      --enable-tracing                              Enable tracing while determining policy (debugging)
      --envoy-log string                            Path to a separate Envoy log file, if any
      --fixed-identity-mapping map                  Key-value for the fixed identity mapping which allows to use reserved label for fixed identities (default map[])
      --ipv4-cluster-cidr-mask-size int             Mask size for the cluster wide CIDR (default 8)
      --ipv4-node string                            IPv4 address of node (default "auto")
      --ipv4-range string                           Per-node IPv4 endpoint prefix, e.g. 10.16.0.0/16 (default "auto")
      --ipv4-service-range string                   Kubernetes IPv4 services CIDR if not inside cluster prefix (default "auto")
      --ipv6-cluster-alloc-cidr string              IPv6 /64 CIDR used to allocate per node endpoint /96 CIDR (default "f00d::/64")
      --ipv6-node string                            IPv6 address of node (default "auto")
      --ipv6-range string                           Per-node IPv6 endpoint prefix, must be /96, e.g. fd02:1:1::/96 (default "auto")
      --ipv6-service-range string                   Kubernetes IPv6 services CIDR if not inside cluster prefix (default "auto")
      --k8s-api-server string                       Kubernetes api address server (for https use --k8s-kubeconfig-path instead)
      --k8s-kubeconfig-path string                  Absolute path of the kubernetes kubeconfig file
      --k8s-require-ipv4-pod-cidr                   Require IPv4 PodCIDR to be specified in node resource
      --k8s-require-ipv6-pod-cidr                   Require IPv6 PodCIDR to be specified in node resource
      --keep-bpf-templates                          Do not restore BPF template files from binary
      --keep-config                                 When restoring state, keeps containers' configuration in place
      --kvstore string                              Key-value store type
      --kvstore-opt map                             Key-value store options (default map[])
      --label-prefix-file string                    Valid label prefixes file path
      --labels stringSlice                          List of label prefixes used to determine identity of an endpoint
      --lb string                                   Enables load balancer mode where load balancer bpf program is attached to the given interface
      --lib-dir string                              Directory path to store runtime build environment (default "/var/lib/cilium")
      --log-driver stringSlice                      Logging endpoints to use for example syslog, fluentd
      --log-opt map                                 Log driver options for cilium (default map[])
      --log-system-load                             Enable periodic logging of system load
      --logstash                                    Enable logstash integration
      --logstash-agent string                       Logstash agent address (default "127.0.0.1:8080")
      --logstash-probe-timer uint32                 Logstash probe timer (seconds) (default 10)
      --masquerade                                  Masquerade packets from endpoints leaving the host (default true)
      --monitor-aggregation string                  Level of monitor aggregation for traces from the datapath (default "None")
      --mtu int                                     Overwrite auto-detected MTU of underlying network (default 1500)
      --nat46-range string                          IPv6 prefix to map IPv4 addresses to (default "0:0:0:0:0:FFFF::/96")
      --policy-enforcement-interface string         Install a BPF program to allow for policy enforcement in the given network interface. Allows to run Cilium on top of other CNI plugins that provide networking, e.g. flannel, where for flannel, this value should be set with 'cni0'. [EXPERIMENTAL]
      --pprof                                       Enable serving the pprof debugging API
      --prefilter-device string                     Device facing external network for XDP prefiltering (default "undefined")
      --prefilter-mode string                       Prefilter mode { native | generic } (default: native) (default "native")
      --prepend-iptables-chains                     Prepend custom iptables chains instead of appending (default true)
      --prometheus-serve-addr string                IP:Port on which to serve prometheus metrics (pass ":Port" to bind on all interfaces, "" is off)
      --restore                                     Restores state, if possible, from previous daemon (default true)
      --sidecar-istio-proxy-image string            Regular expression matching compatible Istio sidecar istio-proxy container image names (default "cilium/istio_proxy")
      --single-cluster-route                        Use a single cluster route instead of per node routes
      --socket-path string                          Sets daemon's socket path to listen for connections (default "/var/run/cilium/cilium.sock")
      --sockops-enable                              Enable sockops when kernel supported
      --state-dir string                            Directory path to store runtime state (default "/var/run/cilium")
      --tofqdns-min-ttl int                         The minimum time, in seconds, to use DNS data for toFQDNs policies. (default 3600)
      --trace-payloadlen int                        Length of payload to capture when tracing (default 128)
  -t, --tunnel string                               Tunnel mode {vxlan, geneve, disabled} (default "vxlan")
      --version                                     Print version information
```
